Copy all exercises to alternate tree, build these (#228)
exercism/cpp: README.md

5. Add the test to the config.json file. The [configlet](https://github.com/exercism/configlet) can help generate a unique UUID.
6. Use the [configlet](https://github.com/exercism/configlet) tool to generate the README for your exercise.
7. Try to match the formatting used in the other tests as closely as possible.

## Testing an exercise

The Exercism build system has two unusual constraints. First, example solutions
must be named `example.h` and `example.cpp`; this prevents Exercism from sending
these files to the student. Second, student solutions must be named `<exercise>.h`
and `<exercise>.cpp`, for example `anagram.h` and `anagram.cpp`.

The current CMake build system navigates this with an unusual approach: it copies
all example solutions from the `exercises/` tree to an alternate directory
(which is ignored by git), renames the solutions as if they were student exercises,
and runs a complete build in this new directory.

Maintainers can largely ignore the alternate exercise directory if they recopy
their example solution before running a build. Re-running CMake will recopy
all exercise files.

> For example, a maintainer can copy, configure, compile, and test all exercises with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a maintainer can copy, configure, compile, and test all exercises by
running the following from the root directory:
```

```bash
cmake . && make
```

For an individual exercise, in this example `anagram`, the maintainer should edit:
```bash
exercises/anagram/example.h

> exercises/anagram/example.cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exercises/anagram/example.cpp
exercises/anagram/anagram_test.cpp
```
